The more time passes the more code we'll have out there on the Internet.
It is often easy to keep adding libraries and third party code into our projects again as more time
passes more people have to write code and the same problems keep coming up.
So people write libraries and put them up on Antron to make our lives easier so that we don't have to
keep reinventing the wheel.
However next time you just do NPM install and add a new library I want to stop and say to yourself why
do I need this library.
Will it really help me out by adding value.
And is the size of the library and the extra abstractions worth it.
This is a big problem especially in the reactor ecosystem because in re-act land is all about adding
functionality that you want.
On top of react we added redux we added testing with geste and so on and so on.
I have seen many projects keep adding tools and libraries and bloating their project with third party
libraries.
Now instead of just NPM installing a new library because it's so easy to do.
Make sure that each thing you add to your project is assessed as a team and ask your team.
Do we really need it.
How big is the library.
And is the size of this library really worth it.
Will it actually increase the value of the project.
Now keep this in mind.
A project is just like a childhood room.
Sure it's easy to keep adding trophies and toys and things to your room to make the child happy.
But eventually it's going to be cluttered and you may need to clean it up one day.
Sure adding things to this room is easy but cleaning things is always harder.
Make sure that the things you add to the project are worth it and meaningful to you.